Support authn file path (#22)
cyberark/ansible-conjur-collection: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> - Plugin support authenticating with access token provided by authn-k8s

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Added
- Plugin supports authenticating with access token provided by authn-k8s.
```

Reviewer 2: i think we should omit the `provided by authn-k8s` as it will work with any Conjur access token. I would use `Plugin supports authenticating with a Conjur access token`

>   ([cyberark/ansible-conjur-collection#23](https://github.com/cyberark/ansible-conjur-collection/issues/23))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [cyberark/ansible-conjur-collection#23](https://github.com/cyberark/ansible-conjur-collection/issues/23)
```

- Plugin supports validation of self-signed certificates provided in `CONJUR_CERT_FILE`
  or Conjur config file
  ([cyberark/ansible-conjur-collection#4](https://github.com/cyberark/ansible-conjur-collection/issues/4))

> - Plugin support authenticating with access token provided by authn-k8s

Reviewer: once there is an issue filed, it would be good to link to it here. also, this entry should be moved to a new `### Added` section under `Unreleased`
